That's how X-MEN should have come to an end
Charles!
I'm sorry, so sorry!
This society will not accept us.
We create our own.
People played their cards,
now we come.
Who is with me?
No, you really are not.
Nobody likes it.
I meant the winning team.
What to do with you?
Why not?
Because Charlest was shot!
Someone would take you to the hospital? I think I was paralyzed.
Charles, that's important now. Wait a minute.
So this is not it?
None of you want to come with me?
I'm going with you.
I grew up with Charles and he's the only thing I can call a family, but yes,
I'll leave you lying down on the sand right now.
Thanks, Raven.
Beautiful.
Why does this happen? We suffered so much to overcome Shaw, and you want to be like him.
Choose a page!
NO!
Okay, Erik is right,
we should join it.
REALLY?
Yeah. Come on, everyone! Let's go with Erik!
That's great, we'll be a good team!
The Mutant Forces ...
Come on, you just say, let's go through, but aren't you going to end up?
Yes.
Come on.
Okay, just tell me you're here if you're really with me!
Okay? You can't change your mind! You have to decide here and now, brothers and sisters.
On this Cuban coast,
where the Russians and America are fighting over us,
where Charles lies paralyzed in the sand. Okay? Who is with me?
Or just don't use our skills smoothly for bad things.
Yeah, maybe people will be happy to be there.
It will never happen! Enough of the asshole!
Magneto, you wear the helmet that killed your mother!
This helmet is fantastic, don't dare to scream!
Why didn't you kill Shaw when you were 10 years old?
Do you know how hard I can be?
This is madness!
Enough!
Charles, what's going on? What are you doing?
They were shot, you selfish s-hole.
Well, now how do we get home?
My goodness. The devil brings people to the emergency!
Now I'm in a wheelchair, Magneto and me
we are old friends who are still playing chess at times,
but we are also ancient ancestors.
Ancient Friendlies.
And sometimes we play chess with real people.
It doesn't look like you get ahead ...
Try to get to the vineyard with this.
The mutants are the future!
We can live in peace!
No, we can't live!
God, we have been debating this for nearly 50 years!
Wow.
X menus are stubborn.
Don't tell me.
END
And Bestia! Mutants and pride!
Anyone you can pick up is my blue hair on my body.
What you say doesn't mean anything to me!
Hey, this is where you say:
Thanks for watching, sign up!
Get it?
Check out the other videos as well ...
No.
Okay.
Hi guys.
Hey, Batman.
You want to know who's under the mask?
Are you Bruce Wayne?
Bass, I forgot to read in my mind.
Your coffee is your breath.